README.md, before:

# TerraCota

## Installing the game for development

* Clone the repository
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/nullpointercorporation/terracota.git
    ```
* Enter the game folder
    ```
    cd Terracota/terracota
    ```
* Giving permission to the config folder
    ```
    chmod -R 777 config
    ```
* Run the installation script so that the dependencies are installed
    ```
    ./config/install.sh
    ```
    
Great! Environment raised and dependencies installed, enjoy and contribute with us.



## Run the game for testing

#### Perform these steps after the installation is complete

* Run the script to play the game
    ```
    ./config/run.sh
    ```
Enjoy and pass some phases of Terracotta

## Instruction manual

* Movements

    ``` d ``` or ``` right arrow ``` Walk to the right
    ``` a ``` or ``` left arrow ``` Walk to the left
    ``` w ``` or ``` up arrow ``` Walk up
    ``` s ``` or ``` down arrow ``` Walk down

* Actions
    ``` c ``` Character exchange
    ``` n ``` Talk
    ``` space ``` Attacks

Commit message:

Adding theme and game controls
Addition of the game description and the control buttons of the character in the game.

README.md, after:

# TerraCota

The game has a similar movement to Beat'em up games, as the main references and examples the games Little Fighter 2 (PC), Captain Commando (SNES), Double Dragon (SNES).
The theme is that of a post-apocalyptic world, where various technologies have become extinct and humanity is communicating in an archaic way through figures and body indications. The player will have, among other challenges, solve puzzles deciphering as the audio-visual codes to complete the quests.

## Installing the game for development

* Clone the repository
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/nullpointercorporation/terracota.git
    ```
* Enter the game folder
    ```
    cd Terracota/terracota
    ```
* Giving permission to the config folder
    ```
    chmod -R 777 config
    ```
* Run the installation script so that the dependencies are installed
    ```
    ./config/install.sh
    ```
    
Great! Environment raised and dependencies installed, enjoy and contribute with us.



## Run the game for testing

#### Perform these steps after the installation is complete

* Run the script to play the game
    ```
    ./config/run.sh
    ```
Enjoy and pass some phases of Terracotta

## Instruction manual

* Movements

    ``` d ``` or ``` right arrow ``` Walk to the right
    
    ``` a ``` or ``` left arrow ``` Walk to the left
    
    ``` w ``` or ``` up arrow ``` Walk up
    
    ``` s ``` or ``` down arrow ``` Walk down

* Actions

    ``` c ``` Character exchange
    
    ``` n ``` Talk
    
    ``` space ``` Attacks
